= coral_plan

This library provides the ability to create, load, execute, and save 
execution plans.

The Coral Plan library contains a system that defines execution plans of 
CLI commands.  The goal is to make it easy to create, edit, load, execute,
and save these plans in a machine readable format (ie; JSON).  The system 
is composed of Events, Commands, Actions, and of course Plans. There are a
few simple rules:
    
1. All plans begin with a Command but may have more Commands defined
   that act in sequence unless there are errors with previous commands.
    
2. Commands can trigger Events of various types, where Events are reading
   and checking (ie; Regular expressions) Command output line by line.
       
3. Events have different criteria for measuring success and will have 
   different fields.  For example, a Regexp event contains a 'pattern'
   field.
       
4. Actions listen for Events and run Commands, with the ability to override
   default Command parameters.  Actions may also generate Events on either
   successful execution or failure which can trigger other Actions.
       
Note:  This library is still very early in development!

== Contributing to coral_plan
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented 
  or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested 
  it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a 
  future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want 
  to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but 
  please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Licensed under GPLv3.  See LICENSE.txt for further details.

Copyright (c) 2013  Adrian Webb <adrian.webb@coraltech.net>
Coral Technology Group LLC